# Stand-Ups
This is tracking sheet for me to keep track of my progress / Learning / Daily task
# 11/15/2018
Today my main focus was continue learning react. The concept of building independent components is a really powerful feature of react. Each component has different states and we can use those states to build rich powerful ui friendly application. 
# 11/17/2018
Today learned more about the presentation layer of web components. React has two library React and ReactDom. React library has function used for creating components and for making componets talk nicely together. ReactDom takes those components and renders them to the document object modal. React heavily centered on presenting content to users and reacting to user interaction with components. since the later version of JS are poorly supported with most browsers. We have to use a command line tool called babel to compile later version of Javascript into a suported of Js. React uses Es2016 so we have to make sure we includ our babel dependencies in order to compile React code into a friendly version of JS supported by most browsers. 
# 11/19/2018
More In depth learning about JSX. basicaly a sepcial dialect of Js. It renders content for the user to see. A componrt is a function or class that renders html content. There are differences between JSX and Html. Some of those differences are using className to reference a class attribute. We can interpulate js using {} syntax. We can render objects to show in the UI. that will cause errors. If we want to show a text from a object we have to reference a property in that object. More knowledge on whar Component nesting, resuability, and configuration means. 
# 11/20/18
Learned about React prop system. It allows us to customize and configure components in our application. It gives us the ability to reuse componetns with different data. Configure the component depending on the ui requirement. Also it allows us to pass data from the parent to the child components. 
# 11/24/18
Within components We can update the state of a component depending on revelant data associated with the components. The dofference between functional components vs class components. Is when we can to just render JSX to show some content we use functional component. While class component is best when we want to build some logic or handle component state. The only time we want to assign value to a component direcelty is through the constructor. if we want to update a state for a given component we use the setState() method. 
